Since people don't seem to be able to read my QA, I'll put this at the top:

DO NOT UPLOAD THIS MODEL PACK, OR ANY PART OF IT TO THE STEAM WORKSHOP. I DO NOT CARE
ABOUT IDIOTS THAT DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE A SVN REPOSITORY. DON'T FUCKING DO IT.

Q/A Time!

Q:  Why are there two Propeller SVN model lists in the prop menu?
A: I've added code to automatically populate the spawn menu in the latest SVN revision. This means that the
scripts in settings/spawnlist are no longer required under most circumstances. You can go in and manually delete
the scripts in garrysmod/settings/spawnlist to stop the duplicate list problem.

Q: Help! Your models aren't showing up in the spawn menu!
A: For whatever reason, the code that automatically populates the spawn menu with my model pack isn't working.
The most common reason would be that Garry updated Gmod and broke something. Other common causes would
be that you got my models from a source other than the official Propeller SVN and the illiterate idiot that repackaged
my content fucked up and didn't include everything. I recommend re-downloading the SVN from the new repo, or
download the repo if you don't already have it and delete the butchered mess you downloaded from elsewhere.

I'd also recommend you sodomize the person that fed you said garbage with a retractable baton wrapped in razor wire.

Q: Why don't you just use the Steam Workshop to avoid all of these problems with legacy addons?
A: Because of Valve's license associated with the Workshop system. Anything you upload to the Workshop
collectively becomes their intellectual property and they're then allowed to use it in any way they
see fit, this includes making profit off of it and other idiotic things. The Propeller SVN will never
be a part of the Steam Workshop system.

Q: How do I use the Propeller Tool?
A: Easy! All you need to do is spawn a propeller, take out the propeller tool and click in the center
of the white + sign on the back of the propeller. Make sure you use a negative value (-35 is a good
starting value.)

Q: How do I used the Advanced Rope/Slider Tools?
A: The Advanced Rope tool is currently in alpha and doesn't work properly, so I don't recommend using it. The
Advanced Slider Tool is basically like making a slider in the Hammer map editor, all of the useful options are
exposed for the user to fiddle with. The vectors for the slide axis are absolute to the world and are not relative
to the player to make creating sliders easier.

Q: Some of your models have multiple skins (wings), how do I use the other skins?
A: I've included a skin changer tool, which should be in the tools list under the "Render" tab. You can adjust
the slider and fire at the prop to change the skin. You can also use the console if sv_cheats is 1 by doing:

Look at the model, then type "ent_fire !picker skin x" X being a number 1-9. Only a few of my models have multiple skins
and they only have 2 or 3 skins maximum.

Q: Why do some of your models have checkerboard patterns on them?
A: Some of my early models used textures from the "Tile Model Pack". This is now integrated into Garry's Mod
and you shouldn't have an issue. If there's a transparent checkerboard over a visible texture, this means that
cubemaps in the map are broken.

Q: Why do the chrome pieces look matte grey or not have a full chrome effect?
A: The chrome pieces rely on env_cubemaps in the map you're playing on. If the map doesn't
have cubemaps, or has cubemaps that aren't built (type "buildcubemaps" in console) then the
chrome won't show.

Q: Whenever I spawn <insert model here> or lots of your models, I get bad framerates, how do I fix it?
A: I assume you're probably running Garry's mod on an older machine and are getting poor performance
in general. My first recommendation is to buy a more modern computer, but if that's not possible then
go into your video settings and turn some of the options down. You can also type these commands in
the console to get a further frame rate boost:

mat_motion_blur_enabled 0
mat_bumpmap 0
mat_specular 0

Q: I see some models in your videos on Youtube that aren't in your model pack, where can I get them?
A: Most likely they are there, they just aren't in the spawn menu. If you click the "Models"
tab in the spawn menu and search, you should be able to find the ones that aren't there.

Q: Hai, liek i wuz makin a pak wif models cuz i wanted to help ppl cuz dey cnat use svn, cna i include
ur modelz plzzz!!! ur so coool nd ur models r useful nd it would maek dem moar popular!!!!!
A: First off, learn how to spell. Second, please proceed to sodomize yourself with barbed wire.
If unavailable, a section of lead pipe, or a retractable baton will also work. Third, I don't
give a fuck on how popular my models get. Fourth, read LICENSE.TXT.