Since people don't seem to be able to read my QA, I'll put this at the top:

DO NOT UPLOAD THIS MODEL PACK, OR ANY PART OF IT TO THE STEAM WORKSHOP. I DO NOT CARE
ABOUT IDIOTS THAT DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE A SVN REPOSITORY. DON'T FUCKING DO IT.

Q/A Time!

Q: Help! Your models aren't showing up in the spawn menu!
A: In Garry's mod 13, legacy addons (that don't use the workshop system) don't have their spawn menus
automatically copied over at runtime, so models won't show in the spawnlist. Navigate to the propellersvn
folder and double click the "COPY SPAWN LISTS.CMD". It will automatically copy the spawnlist scripts
to the correct location, after which you just need to restart the map you're playing on to see the new models.

Q: Why don't you just use the Steam Workshop to avoid all of these problems with legacy addons?
A: Because of Valve's license associated with the Workshop system. Anything you upload to the Workshop
collectively becomes their intellectual property and they're then allowed to use it in any way they
see fit, this includes making profit off of it and other idiotic things. The Propeller SVN will never
be a part of the Steam Workshop system.

Q: How do I use the Propeller Tool?
A: Easy! All you need to do is spawn a propeller, take out the propeller tool and click in the center
of the white + sign on the back of the propeller. Make sure you use a negative value (-35 is a good
starting value.)

Q: Some of your models have multiple skins (wings), how do I use the other skins?
A: Look for a tool called "Skin Changer" on garrysmod.org. If not, turn cheats on and look at the model,
then type "ent_fire !picker skin x" X being a number 1-9. Only a few of my models have multiple skins
and they only have 2 or 3 skins maximum.

Q: Why do some of your models have checkerboard patterns on them?
A: Some of the plane parts use tile model pack textures. You can get them by either having
the Phoenix SVN installed, or by having the tile model pack installed.

Q: Why do the chrome pieces look matte grey or not have a full chrome effect?
A: The chrome pieces rely on env_cubemaps in the map you're playing on. If the map doesn't
have cubemaps, or has cubemaps that aren't built (type "buildcubemaps" in console) then the
chrome won't show.

Q: Whenever I spawn <insert model here> or lots of your models, I get bad framerates, how do I fix it?
A: I assume you're probably running Garry's mod on an older machine and are getting poor performance
in general. My first recommendadion is to buy a more modern computer, but if that's not possible then
go into your video settings and turn some of the options down. You can also type these commands in
the console to get a further frame rate boost:

mat_motion_blur_enabled 0
mat_bumpmap 0
mat_specular 0

Q: I see some models in your videos on Youtube that aren't in your model pack, where can I get them?
A: Most likely they are there, they just aren't in the spawn menu. If you click the "Models"
tab in the spawn menu and search, you should be able to find the ones that aren't there.

Q: Hai, liek i wuz makin a pak wif models cuz i wanted to help ppl cuz dey cnat use svn, cna i include
ur modelz plzzz!!! ur so coool nd ur models r useful nd it would maek dem moar popular!!!!!
A: First off, learn how to spell. Second, please proceed to sodomize yourself with barbed wire.
If unavailable, a section of lead pipe, or a retractable baton will also work. Third, I don't
give a fuck on how popular my models get. Fourth, read LICENSE.TXT.